[docs][expo-updates][templates] switch to no-publish workflow (#8066)
expo/expo: docs/pages/bare/updating-your-app.md

In addition to loading updates from remote servers, apps with `expo-updates` installed also include the necessary capability to load updates embedded in the app binary. This is critical to ensure that your app can launch offline for all users immediately upon installation, without needing an internet connection.

> When you make a release build of your app, the build process will bundle your JavaScript source code into a minifed bundle and embed this in the binary, along with any other assets your app `require`s. `expo-updates` includes an extra script on each platform to embed some additional metadata about the embedded assets -- namely, a minimal manifest JSON object for the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you make a release build of your app, the build process will bundle your JavaScript source code into a minifed bundle and embed this in the binary, along with any other assets your app imports (with `require` or `import` or used in `app.json`). `expo-updates` includes an extra script on each platform to embed some additional metadata about the embedded assets -- namely, a minimal manifest JSON object for the update.
```

## Including Assets in Updates

> Assets that you `require` in your JavaScript source can also be atomically downloaded as part of a published update. `expo-updates` will not consider an update "ready" and will not launch the update unless it has downloaded all required assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets that you import in your JavaScript source can also be atomically downloaded as part of a published update. `expo-updates` will not consider an update "ready" and will not launch the update unless it has downloaded all required assets.
```

> If you use `expo-asset` in your project (included by default if you have the `expo` package installed), you can control which `require`d assets will be included as part of this atomic update by using the [assetBundlePatterns](../../workflow/configuration/) key in `app.json` to provide a list of paths in your project directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `expo-asset` in your project (included by default if you have the `expo` package installed), you can control which imported assets will be included as part of this atomic update by using the [assetBundlePatterns](../../workflow/configuration/) key in `app.json` to provide a list of paths in your project directory:
```

```
"assetBundlePatterns": [
  "**/*" // or "assets/images/*", etc.
],
```

> Assets with paths matching the given patterns will be pre-downloaded by clients before the update that uses them will launch. If you have an asset that should be lazily downloaded at runtime rather than before your JavaScript is evaluated, you can use `assetBundlePatterns` to exclude it while still `require`ing it in your JavaScript source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets with paths matching the given patterns will be pre-downloaded by clients before the update that uses them will launch. If you have an asset that should be lazily downloaded at runtime rather than before your JavaScript is evaluated, you can use `assetBundlePatterns` to exclude it while still importing it in your JavaScript source.
```
